./articles/113.txt:
ELODIS, Kronos - The Protectors of Kronos (POK) continue to protest against the Kronos Government and GAStech International alleging pollution, water contamination and a lack of a government response. Lately the protests have turned violent escalating into rioting largely directed at the Tiskele Bend site. After the recent rioting, government officials had no choice, but to round up the protesters and arrest them for trespassing. 
./articles/121.txt:
ELODIS, Kronos - Fifteen members of the Protectors of Kronos (POK) activist organization were arrested by Kronos federal police yesterday following an dispute at the gates of the Tiskele Bend GAStech facility.  Swaying, the protesters sang well-known protest songs, including "This is Our Land", "Songs of the Farmer" and "The Weavers of our Homeland" 
./articles/121.txt:
When the federal police began arresting the POK protesters, they moved in an orderly fashion into the waiting police van, singing the entire time.
./articles/123.txt:
Officer Emilio Haber, who patrols the Siopa district, said of the POK, "They smash the windows. They make themselves look stupid and then we arrest them and put them in jail where they belong."
./articles/129.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Five young people were arrested yesterday for protesting near the entrance to the Tiskele Bend fields as they called for government action to address their environmental concerns about GAStech's operations at the site.  The protestors, members of the activist group "Protectors of Kronos", held signs reading: "Drilling Poisoned Our Water" and "Remember Juliana", referring to 10 year old Juliana Vann, who has become an icon for the Protectors of Kronos since her death in 1998.  The protestors were arrested after one young man threw his sign at a government vehicle, cracking its window and startling the occupants.  Police spokesman Adrien Carman said of the arrests, "We decided to shut the protest down before the POK members escalated to further violence.  "The people of Kronos have overwhelmingly been for the development of our natural resources and all have benefited from the resultant economic growth.
./articles/132.txt:
The conservative Kronos government used an emergency law to threaten the protestors with arrest unless they dispersed and returned to work.  The row is over environmental issues the POK holds the government and the gas giant GAStech international responsible.  
./articles/141.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - a gathering of POK conceived to give the attention to the complaints of the environmental damage made more damage with their image. The gathering apart from international registered offices of GAStech had like consequence of the multiple arrests for the infringement.
./articles/146.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - a collection POK which is devised has caused to bring attention to requirements of environment damage more damage to their picture. The collection outside international hoofdkwartier GAStech resulted in multiple arrests for violating.
./articles/155.txt:
Resurrecting the embers of the Juliana Vann campaign, the 10 year old girl who died from illnesses attributed to the government-favored GASTech corporation's industrial waste streams in 1998, Karel was arrested and thrown in jail following a POK-initiated human roadblock in front of GAStech headquarters in May. Karel died Wednesday while serving time in jail.
./articles/157.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - in another unconscionable movement against the citizens of Kronos, the previous police of today arrested leader Elian Karel of POK in false loads of the fiscal evasion.  They lead it - manacled - of a meeting of the protectors of Kronos in Elodis, a rural municipality outer Abila.
Binary file ./articles/161.txt matches
./articles/165.txt:
Protest POK on the ends of the Hoofdkwartier GAStech in arrests
./articles/165.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Dozens protesters which guards of the collection Kronos (of POK became) attend for the regional hoofdkwartier GAStech in Abila arrested for violating vanochtend.  The collection POK had been meant the attention on their requirements of environment damage which is caused to establish by the development of gas and oil areas around Kronos by foreign companies such as GAStech.  Approximately two hundred people collected themselves for the GAStech construction chanting slogans and the undulating signs which loved visages people that according to reports because of environment pollution have died.  Ten of protestors chained themselves to the doors of the bldg. in a attempt employees prevent GAStech will work.
./articles/168.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Dozens of protesters attending a Protectors of Kronos (POK) rally in front of the GAStech regional headquarters in Abila were arrested for trespassing this morning.  The POK rally was intended to draw attention to their claims of environmental damage being caused by the development of gas and oil fields around Kronos by foreign corporations like GAStech.  About two hundred people gathered in front of the GAStech building chanting slogans and waving signs that held the visages of people who have allegedly died due to environmental contamination.  Ten of the protestors chained themselves to the doors of the building in an attempt to prevent GAStech employees from going to work.
./articles/175.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - for two years of Elian Karel died yesterday in age 28 in a cell of the jail of Abila, presumably of the failure cardiac.  They had arrested it three months previous for the false loads of left fiscal evasion and falling behind in a cell of the jail without the additional legal demand.  His lawyer, Michale Kraft made several aspects before the court demand that the contour of the government who its specific load, and Karel launching.  
./articles/17.txt:
ELODIS, Kronos - fifteen members of the guards of Kronos the activist organization (of POK) was arrested Kronos federal police force yesterday after a dispute at the poorten of the facility of GAStech of bending Tiskele.
./articles/17.txt:
Then arresting protesters POK started the federal police force, moved themselves they in a neat manner in waiting police force van, which sings the complete time.
./articles/184.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - With the third anniversary of Elian Karel's death approaching - former member of the Protectors of Kronos - the question is: who are the protesters? The POK was initiated to bring attention to the clean water issues surrounding Elodis to the Government of Kronos and the world. The POK asserts he was arrested on trumped up charges while the Government of Kronos contends he was a radical and violent activist engaged in tax evasion.  
./articles/185.txt:
The activists are protesting the death yesterday of Elian Karel, a Protector of Kronos (POK) activist who died in jail after being arrested for tax evasion. However, the protests have turned violent with smashed windows and vandalized shops.
./articles/195.txt:
This rebranding process and new logo seem to be in response to recent trouble the multi-national gas giant has been struggling with in Kronos including the February 19 protest at GAStech - Kronos' headquarters of 200 people who blocked entrance to the building, resulting in several arrests. The protest and others in and around Abila, the capital of Kronos, have been in response to alleged water contamination issues and a lack of Government and GAStech response.
./articles/19.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Elian Karel, the charismatic LEADER of the guards of Kronos, was arrested today on charges of belastingontwijking. Michale Kraft, the lawyer of Karel, released a declaration claiming that the charges which are levelled against its customer false were and that he hoped its customer [of police force preservation] at the end of the week. are delivered
./articles/201.txt:
Several of their those in favor have arrested themselves in an energetic measurement.
./articles/213.txt:
The POK's second major martyr is Elian Karel, who died in 2009 while incarcerated of undetermined causes. The POK asserts he was arrested on trumped up charges while the Government of Kronos contends he was a radical and violent activist engaged in tax evasion. Karel had been involved with the POK since its inception given that his father, Jeroen Karel, was an original member.  
./articles/221.txt:
ELODIS, Kronos - Fifteen members of the Protectors of Kronos (POK) activist organization were arrested by Kronos federal police yesterday following an dispute at the gates of the Tiskele Bend GAStech facility.
./articles/221.txt:
When the federal police began arresting the POK protesters, they moved in an orderly fashion into the waiting police van, singing the entire time.
./articles/225.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Two years ago yesterday Elian Karel died at age 28 in an Abila jail cell, purportedly of cardiac arrest.  He had been arrested three months prior for spurious charges of tax evasion and left to linger in a jail cell without further legal action.  His attorney, Michale Kraft made several appearances in court demanding that the government outline their specific charges, and release Karel.  Kraft had reached an agreement with the government that charges would be reduced and the Karel be released pending a trial, but Karel died two days before he was to go free.
./articles/229.txt:
Karel leader of the activist arrested for the fiscal evasion
./articles/229.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - the police of Kronos arrested Elian Karel in loads of fiscal evasion today.  Karel, the protective leader of the group "of the activist of Kronos", lead a meeting with its those in favor they arrested when it.  Tried Karel to make the light of the situation, but their followers were referred clearly on the seriousness of the loads made level against him.  The lawyer of Karel, Michale Kraft, sent a declaration declaring that the loads against their client were false and that he hoped to have sent Karel of safekeeping of the police by the end of the week.  About answer to the declaration of Kraft, Carman de Adrien of the spokesman of the said police, "I think that Mr. Kraft has underestimated the seriousness of the situation of his client."  It is clear that Elian Karel, that professes to have the interests of the people of Kronos in the heart, must explain us because he rejects to contribute to the well-being of his nation.
./articles/22.txt:
The Onlookers says that the three parties began to shout, and in a certain point the police of Kronos - of Abila- it arrested five activists it probably transported and them to a jail of Elodis.
./articles/22.txt:
In spite of the repeated orders an interview, has not granted the access those arrested.
./articles/247.txt:
ELODIS, Kronos - Fifteen members of the Protectors of Kronos (POK) activist organization were arrested by Kronos federal police yesterday following an dispute at the gates of the Tiskele Bend GAStech facility.
./articles/24.txt:
Resurrecting the embers of the Juliana Vann campaign, the 10 year old girl who died from illnesses attributed to the government-favored GASTech corporation's industrial waste streams in 1998, Karel was arrested and thrown in jail following a POK-initiated human roadblock in front of GAStech headquarters in May. Karel died Wednesday while serving time in jail. The government of Kronos refuses comment on the circumstances of his death.
./articles/255.txt:
AWELON, CYNTHE/DOB: 3/20/1981/Temps of the arrest: 0003 hours/shown: IMPLEMENTS OF DRUG 
./articles/255.txt:
BLUMIAU, WILLEM/DOB: 2/15/1995/Temps of the arrest: 2215 hours/shown: POSSESSION OF ORDERED SUBSTANCE (HACHISH); FOREIGN GUARANTEE 
./articles/255.txt:
BODROGI, CARMIN/12/1/1993/Temps of arrest: 0230 hours/shown: POSSESSION OF THE ORDERED SUBSTANCE (MDMC); INTENTION TO DELIVER THE ORDERED SUBSTANCE (MDMC)
./articles/255.txt:
COARDA, SEVE/DOB: 5/13/1979/Temps of the arrest: 1248 hours/shown: PEDESTRN DO NOT EMPLOY the PEDESTRIAN CROSSING; PEDESTRN PRONE TO THE SIGNAL
./articles/255.txt:
CUSEMA, BRITA/DOB: 1/7/1992/Temps of the arrest: 2205 hours/shown: DEGREE OF FLIGHT SHOPLIFTING-5TH
./articles/255.txt:
DUNNA, THAD/DOB: 9/20/1974/Temps of the arrest: 1500 hours/shown: FLIGHT ALL the DEGREE Of OTHER-3RD
./articles/255.txt:
GUDENZ, KEL/DOB: 7/2/1995/Temps of the arrest: 1630 hours/shown: MISS MAINTAINING THE ORDER; DWLU
./articles/255.txt:
HOLANDE, ANDA/DOB: 3/26/1981/Temps of the arrest: 0003 hours/shown: INACCURATE LIGHT OF BRAKE
./articles/255.txt:
KIBALIAU, IYAN/DOB: 4/3/1994/Temps of the arrest: 1500 hours/shown: FLIGHT ALL the DEGREE Of OTHER-3RD
./articles/255.txt:
MORDECAI, FRANCISCO/DOB: 3/17/1971/Temps of the arrest: 2215 hours/shown: PUBLIC INTOXICATION; POSSESSION of ORDERED SUBSTANCE (heroin)
./articles/255.txt:
PEAIRS, MELSHA/DOB: 8/31/1952/Temps of the arrest: 1330 hours/shown: COUNTERFEIT
./articles/255.txt:
SALANIAU, FERDINAND/DOB: 2/17/1982/Temps of the arrest: 0832 hours/shown: FLIGHT ALL the DEGREE Of OTHER-3RD; POSSESSION OF THE ORDERED SUBSTANCE (MDMA)
Binary file ./articles/266.txt matches
./articles/268.txt:
Doing embers of the campaign of Juliana Vann, revive 10 the one person whose birthday it is little girl that to sicknesses died which to overheid-goedgekeurde are attributed the industry waste streams of the company GASTech in 1998, Karel was arrested and was thrown in prison dam for hoofdkwartier GAStech in May, human put, after pOK-In a functioning. Karel died Wednesday whereas serving time in prison. The government of Kronos refuses comment on the circumstances of its dead.
./articles/273.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Five young people were arrested yesterday for protesting near the entrance to the Tiskele Bend fields as they called for government action to address their environmental concerns about GAStech's operations at the site.  The protestors, members of the activist group "Protectors of Kronos", held signs reading: "Drilling Poisoned Our Water" and "Remember Juliana", referring to 10 year old Juliana Vann, who has become an icon for the Protectors of Kronos since her death in 1998.  The protestors were arrested after one young man threw his sign at a government vehicle, cracking its window and startling the occupants.  Police spokesman Adrien Carman said of the arrests, "We decided to shut the protest down before the POK members escalated to further violence.  They were getting pretty animated out there."
./articles/282.txt:
The conservative Kronos government used an emergency law to threaten the protestors with arrest unless they dispersed and returned to work.  The row is over environmental issues the POK holds the government and the gas giant GAStech international responsible.
./articles/285.txt:
ELODIS, Kronos - The Protectors of Kronos (POK) continue to protest against the Kronos Government and GAStech International alleging pollution, water contamination and a lack of a government response. After the recent rioting, government officials had no choice, but to round up the protesters and arrest them for trespassing.
Binary file ./articles/288.txt matches
Binary file ./articles/294.txt matches
./articles/300.txt:
Martyr secondly main of POK is Elian Karel, that died in 2009 whereas incarcerated of indetermine causes. Trumped upon loads affirms it to the POK was arrested ignition whereas the government of affirms it to Kronos was a radical and violent activist contracted the fiscal evasion. Karel been had implied with the POK from its beginning since his father, Jeroen Karel, were an original member.  The death of Elian Karel in 2009 was marked by spontaneous cases of the protest around Abila. The anniversary of its death, the 19 of June, has considered additional protests, demonstrations, uproars, and violence. 
./articles/318.txt:
The conservative government Kronos used an emergency situation law to threaten unless protestors with arrest they spread and on the work returned.  The file is concerning environment questions POK the government and gas reuze keeps international responsible GAStech.
./articles/328.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - they arrested five young people to protest yesterday near the entrance to the fields of the curve of Tiskele whereas they called for the action of the government to treat its environmental preoccupations by the operations about GAStech in the site.  Protestors, members of the activist group "protectors of Kronos", celebrated reading of the samples: "To perforate it poisoned our water" and "to remember Julian", referring 10 years Julian Vann, that have become an icon for the protectors of Kronos from their death in 1998.  Protestors was arrested after a young man sent to his sample in a vehicle of the government, cracking his window and having scared the renters.    They obtained enough animated towards outside there. "
./articles/335.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Dozens of protesters attending a Protectors of Kronos (POK) rally in front of the GAStech regional headquarters in Abila were arrested for trespassing this morning.  The POK rally was intended to draw attention to their claims of environmental damage being caused by the development of gas and oil fields around Kronos by foreign corporations like GAStech.  Government spokesman Rufus Drymiau said of today's POK rally, "We have been concerned by a pattern of increasingly aggressive tactics by the Protectors of Kronos for some time now.
./articles/351.txt:
The government of Kronos of conservative employed a law of help to threaten the protestateurs by the arrest unless they dispersed and returned to work.  The line is the finished environmental questions that the POK holds the government and the giant international person in charge for gas GAStech.
./articles/353.txt:
Resurrecting the embers of the Juliana Vann campaign, the 10 year old girl who died from illnesses attributed to the government-favored GASTech corporation's industrial waste streams in 1998, Karel was arrested and thrown in jail following a POK-initiated human roadblock in front of GAStech headquarters in May. Karel died Wednesday while serving time in jail. 
./articles/357.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Elian Karel, age 28, died Friday while illegally imprisoned with the prison of town of Abila.  Karel was held on the fraudulent expenses of tax avoidance after its arrest on March 12 earlier this year.
./articles/36.txt:
Different of its verdedigers has been arrested in hard-handed act.
./articles/383.txt:
Several examples to assemble itself in and around Elodis were reported including/understanding trashing buildings of government, the launching of rock, and the burnings of tire. The police force answered quickly and decisively. The various skirmishes with the police force finished in the arrests.  
./articles/385.txt:
The activists are protesting the death yesterday of Elian Karel, protector of the activist of Kronos (POK) that died in jail after being arrested for the fiscal evasion. Nevertheless, the protests have given to violent return with the broken windows and the destroyed stores.
./articles/387.txt:
Reviving the live coals of the Julian Vann to campaign, the girl of 10 years who died of the diseases attributed to the industrial useless currents of the government-favored corporation of GASTech in 1998, Karel was arrested and sent in the jail that follows an POK-initiated human barricade in front of the headquarters of GAStech in May. Karel died Wednesday whereas it served time in jail. The government of Kronos rejects the commentary on the circumstances of his death.
./articles/389.txt:
The concerns over the increase of drug related arrests are two-fold: first, violent activist groups such as the Protectors of Kronos could be using drug sales as a means to fund their activities;
./articles/398.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Elian Karel, the charismatic leader of the Protectors of Kronos, was arrested today on charges of tax evasion. Michale Kraft, Karel's lawyer, released a statement asserting that the charges leveled against his client were "false" and that he hoped his client "would be released [from police custody] by week's end."
./articles/422.txt:
This rebranding process and new logo seem to be in response to recent trouble the multi-national gas giant has been struggling with in Kronos including the February 19 protest at GAStech - Kronos' headquarters of 200 people who blocked entrance to the building, resulting in several arrests. The protest and others in and around Abila, the capital of Kronos, have been in response to alleged water contamination issues and a lack of Government and GAStech response. He deflected, "Today is a great day for GAStech.
./articles/423.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - More than a dozen POK protesters were handcuffed and taken into custody by police Tuesday for blocking access to the Tiskele Bend fields.  Before police made the arrests shortly after 9 a.m., the protesters were told they were breaking the law for trespassing on government property, blocking access to government-owned land, and impeding lawful commercial traffic.  
./articles/423.txt:
The protesters arrived at the entrance to the Tiskele Bend site about 5:30 a.m. and locked arms across the road for about three hours, despite being asked to leave by police.  As traffic on the road began to back up, several truck drivers began to leave their vehicles and congregate near the protesters.  Tempers began to flare as the blockade persisted into the second hour, and the drivers started shouting and cursing at the protesters to move out of the road.  Police officers quickly moved in and arrested the POK protesters before the situation could escalate to violence.
./articles/433.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - a new alarming tendency sweeps Abila. The police force specifies a dramatic increase in the arrests connected by drug which can be related to the violent one groups of activist. 
./articles/433.txt:
The port of Abila is known to be a point of transshipment for drugs coming the active Middle East and of Africa to heroin and the hachish from Europe in particular. However, drug connected arrests had remained punt during the decade spent until the recent increase. 
./articles/433.txt:
The concern above the increase in the arrests connected by drug is double: first, the violent one groups of activist such as the guards of Kronos could employ sales of drug as means of placing their activities; and in the second place, with more drugs appearing on the shore, the people of Kronos will suffer the questions connected by drug increased, namely leaning and violence.
./articles/437.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - In another unconscionable move against the citizens of Kronos, earlier today police arrested POK leader Elian Karel on spurious tax evasion charges.  He was led - manacled - from a meeting of the Protectors of Kronos in Elodis, a rural township west of Abila.
./articles/439.txt:
The latest event involved POK protesters forming a human chain to block the entrance of GAStech's Tiskele Bend site. After the recent rioting, government officials had no choice, but to round up the protesters and arrest them for trespassing.
./articles/439.txt:
Several instances of rioting in and around Elodis have been reported including the trashing of government buildings, rock throwing, and tire burnings. Police have responded swiftly and decisively. The various skirmishes with police have ended in arrests.  
./articles/445.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Elian Karel, age 28, died Friday whereas illegitimate incarcerated at the prison of the city Abila.  Karel were in former days kept on the year on frauduleuze belastingontwijkingslasten after its arrest on 12 March.
./articles/451.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Kronos police arrested Elian Karel today on charges of tax evasion.  Karel's lawyer, Michale Kraft, released a statement declaring that the charges against his client were false and that he hoped to have Karel released from police custody by week's end.
./articles/464.txt:
The most recent event protesters POK involved form a human collar to block van GAStech the entrance of the place of the bending of Tiskele. After the recent herrie kick, the government civil servants no choice, but were make protesters omhoog round and them to arrest for violating.
Binary file ./articles/464.txt matches
./articles/475.txt:
In the face of overwhelming force, most of the protesters fled; however, a hard core group stood their ground suffering the consequences. The remaining protesters were surrounded by the riot police and after repeated baton blows many were dragged away under arrest. 
./articles/476.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - A POK rally designed to bring attention to claims of environmental damage have done more damage to their image. The rally outside of GAStech International's headquarters resulted in multiple arrests for trespassing.  Ten of the protestors chained themselves to the doors of the building in an attempt to prevent GAStech employees from going to work.
./articles/491.txt:
The last event implied demonstrators of POK that formed a human chain to block the entrance of the site of the curve of Tiskele de GAStech. After releasing the brakes itself recent, the officials of the government did not have any option, but to ascending round the demonstrators they arrest and it to violate.
./articles/505.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Elian Karel, the charismatic leader of the Protectors of Kronos, was arrested today on charges of tax evasion. Michale Kraft, Karel's lawyer, released a statement asserting that the charges leveled against his client were "false" and that he hoped his client "would be released [from police custody] by week's end."
./articles/508.txt:
The peaceful demonstration turned violent when two POK members accosted a man who attempted to enter the building on business.  The POK members hit him with a bottle, which knocked him to the ground and gave him a bloody gash on his forehead.  Abila police attempted to gain control of the situation by using bullhorns to call for the peaceful dispersal of the crowd, but the crowd responded to their calls by hurling insults along with a few rocks at the officers.  Police used tear gas to end the gathering, but a handful of die-hard POK members urged the crowd into melee with the officers.  Additional security forces had to be summoned to help contain the situation as the violence escalated.  When the tear gas finally cleared, six POK member were arrested on charges of assault on civil authorities and inciting a crowd to violence.  Three police officers were treated at Abila General Hospital for wounds received in the fight.
./articles/514.txt:
Several of its supporters have been arrested in a crackdown.
./articles/527.txt:
To send Emilio To have, that it patrols districto of Siopa, said of the POK, "they breakage does violence to the windows. They send rocks. They sing for the change and they paint things in buildings. They become stupid glance and we arrested later them we put and them in the jail in where they belong."
./articles/544.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Five young people were arrested yesterday for protesting near the entrance to the Tiskele Bend fields as they called for government action to address their environmental concerns about GAStech's operations at the site.  The protestors, members of the activist group "Protectors of Kronos", held signs reading: "Drilling Poisoned Our Water" and "Remember Juliana", referring to 10 year old Juliana Vann, who has become an icon for the Protectors of Kronos since her death in 1998.
./articles/54.txt:
The POK's second major martyr is Elian Karel, who died in 2009 while incarcerated of undetermined causes. The POK asserts he was arrested on trumped up charges while the Government of Kronos contends he was a radical and violent activist engaged in tax evasion. Karel had been involved with the POK since its inception given that his father, Jeroen Karel, was an original member.  Elian Karel's death in 2009 was marked by spontaneous instances of protest around Abila. The anniversary of his death, June 19, has seen additional protests, demonstrations, riots, and violence. 
./articles/554.txt:
ABILA, Kronos -Elian Karel, age 28, died Friday while unlawfully incarcerated at the Abila City Prison.  Karel was being held on fraudulent tax evasion charges after his arrest on March 12 earlier this year.  What I can tell you is that when I left Elian yesterday after meeting with him in the prison he was in excellent health and good spirits.  He was expecting to be released in the next few days and return to his work with the Protectors of Kronos, and was excited to continue the Protectors of Kronos mission to which he dedicated his life.  I can assure you that Elian's death will be investigated with all the resources at our disposal and those responsible will be brought to justice." 
./articles/560.txt:
This rebranding the logo of process and new seem to be in response to the recent trouble that the multinational gas giant had fought with in Kronos including/understanding the protest of February 19 to the registered offices of GAStech - of Kronos of 200 people who blocked the entry with the building, having for result several arrests. The protest and others in and around Abila, the capital of Kronos, were in response to the pled questions of contamination of water and to a lack of response of government and GAStech.
./articles/561.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - the police force Kronos arrested today Elian Karel on charges of belastingontwijking.  Karel, the LEADER of the activist group guards Kronos, led a meeting with its verdedigers then he were arrested.  Karel tried slightly of the situation make, but are partisans had been clearly involved concerning the seriousness of the charges which are levelled against him.  Lawyer of Karel, Michale Kraft, released a declaration explanatory that the charges were against its customer false and that he hoped have Karel delivered of police force preservation at the end of the week.  In reply to the declaration of Kraft, the spokesman Adrien aforesaid Carman of the police force, I think M. Kraft the seriousness of the situation of its customer. has underestimated it is clear that Elian Karel, which claim have the interests of people of Kronos at heart must explain to our why he refuses contribution to the well-being of its nation.
./articles/565.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - A POK rally designed to bring attention to claims of environmental damage have done more damage to their image. The rally outside of GAStech International's headquarters resulted in multiple arrests for trespassing. 
Binary file ./articles/566.txt matches
./articles/571.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - an alarming new tendency sweeps Abila. The police force indicates related arrests which can be linked with violent activist groups on a dramatic increase of drug. 
./articles/571.txt:
The port of Abila is have known for overschepingspunt for drugs which come from the Middle East and Africa that to the heroin and the hashish of Europe goes, as it happens. However, the drug related arrests had remained flat during the previous decade to the recent increase. 
./articles/571.txt:
The care concerning the increase of drug related arrests is double: firstly, the violent activist groups such as the guards of Kronos drug sale as a means are able use to finance their activities; and second, with more drugs which appear on the coast, people of Kronos will suffer from raised drug related questions, namely addiction and violence.
./articles/576.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - An alarming new trend is sweeping Abila. Police point out a dramatic increase in drug related arrests that may be linked to violent activist groups. 
./articles/576.txt:
The port of Abila is known to be a transshipment point for drugs coming from the Middle East and Africa going to Europe namely heroin and hashish. However, drug related arrests had remained flat over the past decade until the recent increase. 
./articles/576.txt:
The concerns over the increase of drug related arrests are two-fold: first, violent activist groups such as the Protectors of Kronos could be using drug sales as a means to fund their activities; and second, with more drugs appearing on the shore, the people of Kronos will suffer increased drug related issues, namely addiction and violence.
Binary file ./articles/577.txt matches
./articles/581.txt:
Peaceful demonstration twisted violently then two members POK people accosted who tried the bldg. matter discuss.  The members POK touched him with a bottle, which him was correct to the ground and him cuts bloodily on its face gave.  Police force of Abila tried control of the situation to use reach bullhorns the peaceful distribution of the mob to keep on asking, but the mob answered to their question by swinging rocks insults with a couple at the civil servants.  The police force used himself traangas to conclude collecting, but hand-full tough members POK exhorted the mob in melee with the civil servants.  Extra security strengths had be convened to help the situation to contain since violence lane.  When the traangas definitively clearred, paragraph six POK was arrested on charges of attack on civil authorities and calling a mob to violence.  Three police force civil servants were treated at the general hospital Abila for wounds which is received in the fight.
./articles/593.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - five young people were stopped yesterday to protest close to the entry to the fields of curve of Tiskele while they claimed the action of government to address their environmental concern concerning the operations of GAStech to the site.  The protestateurs, members of the activist group "guards of Kronos", held reading of signs: "Drilling poisoned our water" and "to remember Juliana", referring to 10 years Juliana Vann, which became an icon for the guards of Kronos since his death in 1998.  The protestateurs were stopped after a young man threw his sign with a vehicle of government, splitting his window and frightening the occupants.  To maintain the order Carman d' Adrien of spokesman known as of the arrests, "we decided to close the protest before the members of POK climbed more with violence.  They obtained enough animated outside there."
./articles/604.txt:
Dressed in black the authorities donning helmets and gasmasks and brandishing riot shields, fired tear gas canisters as the protesters refused to disperse after several warnings. The group gathered proved reluctant to disperse even after the tear gas and the authorities pressed into the group protecting themselves with their shields and freely swinging their batons. The remaining protesters were surrounded by the riot police and after repeated baton blows many were dragged away under arrest.
./articles/615.txt:
Vis-a-vis the overpowering force, the majority of the protesters were run away; however, a hard group of core held their ground suffering the consequences. The remaining protesters were surrounded by the police force of riot and after the stick repeated breath much were trailed far in state of the arrest. 
./articles/621.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - a lake than the handcuffs for: to pass protesters dozen POK and was taken in preservation police force Tuesday for blocking access to the areas of bending Tiskele.  Before the police force the arrests shortly after 9 a.m made, protesters was told they the law for violating on government possession, blocking access to state country, and vomit causing legitimate commercial obstruction. 
./articles/621.txt:
Protesters arrived at the entrance to the place of bending Tiskele concerning 5:30 a.m and closed weapons concerning the way approximately three hours, in spite of it is asked leave by police force.  Since the movement on the way started support, different truck drivers started their leave vehicles and near protesters to meet.  Makes started to flicker since the blockade in the second hour continued, and the drivers started crying and at protesters to curse to move itself from the way.  Check within rapidly moved civil servants and arrested protesters POK before the situation to violence could increase.  
./articles/644.txt:
Escaped in.the.presence.of overwhelming strength, the most protesters; however, was himself core group a hard their ground which suffers from the impact. Remaining protesters were surrounded by the babbling police forces and after repeated baton blows away many were dragged under arrest. 
./articles/658.txt:
Onlookers tell the Homeland Illumination that the three parties began yelling, and at some point the Kronos police - presumably from Abila-  arrested the five activists and transported them to an Elodis jail.
./articles/658.txt:
Despite repeated requests for an interview, the Homeland Illumination has not been granted access to those arrested.
./articles/65.txt:
This rebranding process and new logo seem to be in response to recent trouble the multi-national gas giant has been struggling with in Kronos including the February 19 protest at GAStech - Kronos' headquarters of 200 people who blocked entrance to the building, resulting in several arrests.
./articles/667.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Elian Karel, the charismatic leader of the protectors of Kronos, was arrested today in loads of fiscal evasion. Michale Kraft, lawyer of Karel, sent a declaration affirming that the loads made level against their client were "false" and that he waited for his client "would send [of safekeeping of the police] the end of the week."
Binary file ./articles/670.txt matches
./articles/680.txt:
The witnesses tell which the three parties started crying, and at what aims the police force Kronos - of Abila- arrested supposedly the five activists and transported them to a prison Elodis.
./articles/680.txt:
In spite of repeated requests for a conversation, has been granted no access to arrested which.
Binary file ./articles/683.txt matches
./articles/705.txt:
Officer Emilio Haber, who patrols the Siopa district, said of the POK, "They smash the windows. They throw the rocks. They chant for change and paint things on buildings. They make themselves look stupid and then we arrest them and put them in jail where they belong."
Binary file ./articles/709.txt matches
Binary file ./articles/730.txt matches
./articles/73.txt:
ABILA, Kronos -Elian Karel, age 28, died Friday while unlawfully incarcerated at the Abila City Prison.  Karel was being held on fraudulent tax evasion charges after his arrest on March 12 earlier this year.
./articles/742.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Dozens of protesters attending a Protectors of Kronos (POK) rally in front of the GAStech regional headquarters in Abila were arrested for trespassing this morning.  The POK rally was intended to draw attention to their claims of environmental damage being caused by the development of gas and oil fields around Kronos by foreign corporations like GAStech.  About two hundred people gathered in front of the GAStech building chanting slogans and waving signs that held the visages of people who have allegedly died due to environmental contamination.  Ten of the protestors chained themselves to the doors of the building in an attempt to prevent GAStech employees from going to work. 
./articles/745.txt:
The activists are protesting the death yesterday of Elian Karel, a Protector of Kronos (POK) activist who died in jail after being arrested for tax evasion. However, the protests have turned violent with smashed windows and vandalized shops. 
./articles/757.txt:
Civil servant Emilio Haber, who the patrols the district Siopa, aforesaid of POK, they the windows break. They throw the rocks. They chant for change and painting things on bldg. They prove themselves to stomme can and arrest we them then and put them in prison they. to belong
./articles/760.txt:
ELODIS, Kronos - to the federal police of Kronos they arrested fifteen members of the protectors of the organization of the activist of Kronos (POK) that followed yesterday a conflict in the doors of the facility of GAStech of the curve of Tiskele.
./articles/760.txt:
When the federal police began to arrest the POK demonstrators, he moved in a way ordered in the van of the police that waited for, singing the whole time.
./articles/767.txt:
The peaceful demonstration turned violent when two POK members accosted a man who attempted to enter the building on business.  The POK members hit him with a bottle, which knocked him to the ground and gave him a bloody gash on his forehead.  Abila police attempted to gain control of the situation by using bullhorns to call for the peaceful dispersal of the crowd, but the crowd responded to their calls by hurling insults along with a few rocks at the officers.  Police used tear gas to end the gathering, but a handful of die-hard POK members urged the crowd into melee with the officers.  When the tear gas finally cleared, six POK member were arrested on charges of assault on civil authorities and inciting a crowd to violence.  Marek replaced Elian Karel as the popular figurehead of the POK movement last summer.
./articles/770.txt:
The report released by the Abila City Coroner in July 2010 attributed Karel's death to sudden cardiac arrest, and the investigation was closed shortly thereafter.  Unnamed sources close to the investigation, however, have provided witness testimony that Karel's body showed signs of blunt force trauma, abrasions and lacerations which occurred within hours before his death.
Binary file ./articles/77.txt matches
./articles/781.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - More than a dozen POK protesters were handcuffed and taken into custody by police Tuesday for blocking access to the Tiskele Bend fields.  Before police made the arrests shortly after 9 a.m., the protesters were told they were breaking the law for trespassing on government property, blocking access to government-owned land, and impeding lawful commercial traffic. 
./articles/781.txt:
The protesters arrived at the entrance to the Tiskele Bend site about 5:30 a.m. and locked arms across the road for about three hours, despite being asked to leave by police.  As traffic on the road began to back up, several truck drivers began to leave their vehicles and congregate near the protesters.  Tempers began to flare as the blockade persisted into the second hour, and the drivers started shouting and cursing at the protesters to move out of the road.  Police officers quickly moved in and arrested the POK protesters before the situation could escalate to violence.  
./articles/788.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - in another unconscionable movement against the former citizens of Kronos, check POK today arrested LEADER Elian Karel on unauthentic belastingontwijkingslasten.  He was conducted - manacled - of a meeting of the guards of Kronos in Elodis, a rural municipality Abila.
./articles/794.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - five young people were arrested yesterday for protesting near the entrance to the areas of bending Tiskele since they requested government action their aim environment questions concerning the verrichtingen of GAStech at the place.  Protestors, members of the activist group guards Kronos, kept signs reading: Drilling poisoned our water and reminds Juliana, to 10 one people whose birthday it is Juliana referring Vann, who a pictogram for the guards of Kronos has become since its in 1998.  Protestors were arrested after one young people are sign at a government vehicle which threw, which its window bursts and the occupants startle.  Spokesman Adrien Carman of the police force aforesaid of arrests, we decided the protest by the members POK to close who have increased to further violence.  They were animated there rather.
./articles/798.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Elian Karel, the charismatic leader of the Protectors of Kronos, was arrested today on charges of tax evasion. Michale Kraft, Karel's lawyer, released a statement asserting that the charges leveled against his client were "false" and that he hoped his client "would be released [from police custody] by week's end." 
./articles/799.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - two years suffered yesterday Elian Karel on age 28 died in Abila prison cell, apparently of hartstilstand.  He arrested three months in former days for unauthentic charges of belastingontwijking had been and in a prison cell without further judicial steps had left dawdling.  Its solicitor, Michale Kraft made different verschijningen who requires for the Court that the government outlines Karel their specific charges, and version.  Kraft an agreement with the government had reached which charges are diminished and Karel awaiting a test is delivered, but Karel died two days before he rather had go.
./articles/801.txt:
The activists protest death yesterday of Elian Karel, a guard of the activist Kronos (of POK) that in prison after is arrested for belastingontwijking died. However, the protests with broken windows and vandalized shops have violently twisted.
./articles/807.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - A POK rally designed to bring attention to claims of environmental damage have done more damage to their image. The rally outside of GAStech International's headquarters resulted in multiple arrests for trespassing.
./articles/808.txt:
The protest of POK at GAStech sits of the ends in the arrests
./articles/810.txt:
This rebranding process and new emblem seem be for in reply to recent problem the multinational gasreus with in Kronos including 19 February protest at the hoofdkwartier of GAStech - of Kronos of 200 people has wrestled who blocked entrance to the bldg., resulting in different arrests. The protest and others in and around Abila, the capital of Kronos, have been in reply to the so-called questions of the water pollution and a lack of government and response GAStech.
./articles/820.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Kronos police arrested Elian Karel today on charges of tax evasion.  Karel, the leader of the activist group "Protectors of Kronos", was conducting a meeting with his supporters when he was arrested.  Karel tried to make light of the situation, but his followers were clearly concerned about the seriousness of the charges leveled against him.  Karel's lawyer, Michale Kraft, released a statement declaring that the charges against his client were false and that he hoped to have Karel released from police custody by week's end.  In response to Kraft's statement, Police spokesman Adrien Carman said, "I think Mr. Kraft has underestimated the seriousness of his client's situation."  It is clear that Elian Karel, who professes to have the interests of the people of Kronos at heart, must explain to us why he refuses to contribute to the welfare of his nation.
./articles/836.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - Kronos police arrested Elian Karel today on charges of tax evasion.  Karel, the leader of the activist group "Protectors of Kronos", was conducting a meeting with his supporters when he was arrested.  Karel's lawyer, Michale Kraft, released a statement declaring that the charges against his client were false and that he hoped to have Karel released from police custody by week's end.  It is clear that Elian Karel, who professes to have the interests of the people of Kronos at heart, must explain to us why he refuses to contribute to the welfare of his nation.
./articles/837.txt:
ABILA, Kronos - the protectors of the meeting of Kronos (POK) in front of the district headquarterses of GAStech in Abila arrested to the dozens of demonstrators taking care of to violate this morning.  The POK meeting was thought to draw the attention to its demands of the environmental damage that was caused by the development of the deposits of the gas and petroleum around Kronos by foreign corporations like GAStech.  Near two hundred people they collected in front of the samples of the mottos and shaking singing of the building of GAStech that maintained visages of the people who alleged have died due to the contamination of environment.  Ten of protestors were chained to the doors of the building in an attempt to avoid that the employees of GAStech go to the work.
./articles/839.txt:
AWELON, CYNTHE/DOB: 3/20/1981/Time of arrest: 0003 accused u/van: THE UNIT OF THE DRUG 
./articles/839.txt:
BLUMIAU, WILLEM/DOB: 2/15/1995/Time of arrest: 2215 accused u/van: POSSESSION OF CHECKED SUBSTANCE (HASHISH); FOREIGN GUARANTEE 
./articles/839.txt:
BODROGI, KARMIJN/12/1/1993/Time of arrest: 0230 accused u/van: POSSESSION OF CHECKED SUBSTANCE (MDMC); INTENTION TO PROVIDE CHECKED SUBSTANCE (MDMC)
./articles/839.txt:
COARDA, SEVE/DOB: 5/13/1979/Time of arrest: 1248 accused u/van: PEDESTRN SUCCEEDING USE CROSSWALK; PEDESTRN SUBMITTED TO INDICATOR
./articles/839.txt:
CUSEMA, BRITA/DOB: 1/7/1992/Time of arrest: 2205 accused u/van: THE SHOP ROBBER STABLE PLEGEN-VIJFDE DEGREE OF THE ROBBER STABLE
./articles/839.txt:
DUNNA, THAD/DOB: 9/20/1974/Time of arrest: 1500 accused u/van: ROBBER STABLE ALREADY ANDER-DERDE DEGREE
./articles/839.txt:
GUDENZ, KEL/DOB: 7/2/1995/Time of arrest: 1630 accused u/van: LEAVING BEHIND MAINTAIN CONTROL; DWLU
./articles/839.txt:
HOLANDE, ANDA/DOB: 3/26/1981/Time of arrest: 0003 accused u/van: INAPPROPRIATE SLIGHTLY OF THE BRAKE
./articles/839.txt:
KIBALIAU, IYAN/DOB: 4/3/1994/Time of arrest: 1500 accused u/van: ROBBER STABLE ALREADY ANDER-DERDE DEGREE
./articles/839.txt:
MORDECAI, FRANCISCO/DOB: 3/17/1971/Time of arrest: 2215 accused u/van: PUBLIC INTOXICATIE; POSSESSION OF CHECKED SUBSTANCE (heroin)
./articles/839.txt:
PEAIRS, MELSHA/DOB: 8/31/1952/Time of arrest: 1330 accused u/van: COUNTERFEITING
./articles/839.txt:
SALANIAU, FERDINAND/DOB: 2/17/1982/Time of arrest: 0832 accused u/van: ROBBER STABLE ALREADY ANDER-DERDE DEGREE; POSSESSION OF CHECKED SUBSTANCE (MDMA)
